README.md, before:

# CVWO Assignment Sample React App
**Modified extensively by me**

There are a few pages in this React app. (will edit Readme.md to explain more soon)

## Getting Started

### Running the app
1. Open your terminal and navigate to the directory containing your cloned project.
2. Install dependencies for the project by using `yarn install` or `npm install`.
3. Run the app in development mode by using `yarn start` or `npm start` or `npm run parcel-start`.
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) or [http://localhost:1234](http://localhost:1234) (for Parcel) 
to view it in the browser.
5. You should see a page like this.
![Basic Page](public/images/BasicPage.png)

### Navigating the code
This is the main file structure
```
.
├── node_modules
├── public
├── src
├── README.md
├── tsconfig.json
├── package.json
├── .prettierrc.json
├── .eslintrc.json
├── yarn.lock
└── other admin files
```

Main directories/files to note:
* `src` usually includes all your source code. That is where most of your functional code will be.
* `README.md` is a form of documentation about the project. It is what you are reading right now.
* `package.json` contains important metadata, for example, the dependencies and available scripts in the project.

## Additional Notes

* This project uses [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).
* The available scripts are in `package.json`.
  Here are some scripts that you are likely to use more often:
  * `yarn start` or `npm start` or `npm run parcel-start`
  * `yarn lint:fix` or `npm run lint:fix`
  * `yarn format:fix` or `npm run format:fix`

## Developer notes
I use the `.postcssrc` file to  configure PostCSS, which gives us access to the latest CSS features like CSS nesting.
CSS nesting is another way of writing CSS selectors, in a more readable manner (by enclosing a selector inside another selector).
[CSS Nesting](https://blog.logrocket.com/native-css-nesting/)

I use ESLint and Prettier, with the config files in `.eslintrc.json` and `.prettier.json`. They are used together with 
webstorm integration.

The `.cache` file is used by Parcel for faster build process.

### Using Webstorm debugger
[Reference link](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/react.html#react_running_and_debugging_debug)

Excerpt from the above link:
```
If your application is running on localhost, you can also start the debugger from the built-in Terminal or from the Run 
tool window.
```
It is explained [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/react.html#ws_react_debug_localhost) but the gist is that
after setting breakpoints, you can start the application using npm/yarn as per usual, then hold Ctrl+Shift and click 
the URL link. WebStorm starts a debugging session with an automatically generated Debug Application configuration.

For full explanation on the integration with React check [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/react.html)

## Common errors encountered while coding
- Missing in [props validation](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/prop-types.md):
You can fix this by providing the types statically using TypeScript using either `type` or `interface`. 
_Interface is extendable but type is simply an alias._ 


- Invalid configuration file `src\App.tsx`: JSON Error in `\sample-react-app\.prettierrc.json`. This occurs because 
you use the IDE to create the file, and it is not strictly UTF-8 characters. Use VS code to create the file instead.
[Link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70387394/prettier-invalid-configuration-file-even-though-the-file-is-straight-from-the-d)


- When writing functional components do not explicitly state the type to be `React.FC<{}>` because this would cause the props
type to be defined to be defaultProps. This prevents us from providing our own props. Either explicitly use `React.FunctionComponent<{ title: string }>`,
or leave the type annotation out. [Link](https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/docs/basic/getting-started/function_components/)

## Acknowledgements
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
This project uses [MUI](https://mui.com/),
[TypewriterJS](https://github.com/tameemsafi/typewriterjs#readme),
[ESLint](https://eslint.org/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/).

Commit message:

Screenshots and description of app

README.md, after:

# CVWO Assignment Sample React App
**Modified extensively by me**

## Description
There are a few pages in this React app. At the home page, you will see a page like this.
![homePage](public/images/homePage.png)

From here you can navigate to the searchPage where you can type words into the search bar and the webpage will show you
a filtered list of the given items.
![searchPage](public/images/searchPage.png)

You could also navigate to the todoApp webpage as shown below, where you can add, remove, and complete items, and the 
webpage will respond accordingly.
![todoApp](public/images/todoApp.png)

## Getting Started
### Running the app
1. Open your terminal and navigate to the directory containing your cloned project.
2. Install dependencies for the project by using `yarn install` or `npm install`.
3. Run the app in development mode by using `yarn start` or `npm start` or `npm run parcel-start`.
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) or [http://localhost:1234](http://localhost:1234) (for Parcel) 
to view it in the browser.

### Navigating the code
This is the main file structure
```
.
├── node_modules
├── public
├── src
├── README.md
├── tsconfig.json
├── package.json
├── .prettierrc.json
├── .eslintrc.json
├── yarn.lock
└── other admin files
```

Main directories/files to note:
* `src` usually includes all your source code. That is where most of your functional code will be.
* `README.md` is a form of documentation about the project. It is what you are reading right now.
* `package.json` contains important metadata, for example, the dependencies and available scripts in the project.

## Additional Notes

* This project uses [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).
* The available scripts are in `package.json`.
  Here are some scripts that you are likely to use more often:
  * `yarn start` or `npm start` or `npm run parcel-start`
  * `yarn lint:fix` or `npm run lint:fix`
  * `yarn format:fix` or `npm run format:fix`

## Developer notes
I use the `.postcssrc` file to  configure PostCSS, which gives us access to the latest CSS features like CSS nesting.
CSS nesting is another way of writing CSS selectors, in a more readable manner (by enclosing a selector inside another selector).
[CSS Nesting](https://blog.logrocket.com/native-css-nesting/)

I use ESLint and Prettier, with the config files in `.eslintrc.json` and `.prettier.json`. They are used together with 
webstorm integration.

The `.cache` file is used by Parcel for faster build process.

### Using Webstorm debugger
[Reference link](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/react.html#react_running_and_debugging_debug)
Excerpt from the above link:

> If your application is running on localhost, you can also start the debugger from the built-in Terminal or from the Run 
> tool window.

It is explained [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/react.html#ws_react_debug_localhost) but the gist is that
after setting breakpoints, you can start the application using npm/yarn as per usual, then hold Ctrl+Shift and click 
the URL link. WebStorm starts a debugging session with an automatically generated Debug Application configuration.

For full explanation on the webstorm-React integration check [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/react.html).

## Common errors encountered while coding
- Missing properties in [props validation](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/prop-types.md):
You can fix this by providing the types statically using TypeScript using either `type` or `interface`. 
_Interface is extendable but type is simply an alias._ 


- Invalid configuration file `src\App.tsx`: JSON Error in `\sample-react-app\.prettierrc.json`. This occurs because 
you use the IDE to create the file, and it is not strictly UTF-8 characters. Use VS code to create the file instead.
[Link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70387394/prettier-invalid-configuration-file-even-though-the-file-is-straight-from-the-d)


- When writing functional components do not explicitly state the type to be `React.FC<{}>` because this would cause the props
type to be defined to be defaultProps. This prevents us from providing our own props. Either explicitly use `React.FunctionComponent<{ title: string }>`,
or leave the type annotation out. [Link](https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/docs/basic/getting-started/function_components/)

## Acknowledgements
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
This project uses [MUI](https://mui.com/),
[TypewriterJS](https://github.com/tameemsafi/typewriterjs#readme),
[ESLint](https://eslint.org/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/).
